What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

  A new repository is created by running the command git init. A repository is
  different from an ordinary folder because it contains a folder called .git,
  this file allows to store meta data such as commits.

  A commit is a snapshot of a Git repository. When a repository is initialized,
  it contains no commits.

  "HEAD" is Git's name for the current commit.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

  The working directory is folder where our files are stored and the repository
  is where our git commits (snapshots of the current states of our files) are
  shown. The staging area is the middle ground that allow us to specify exactly
  what changes should be committed, so whenever I am ready to commit, git
  bundles the entire content of the staging area into a single commit and adds
  it to the repository.

  I consider that the staging area offers the ability to decide what logical
  steps should be committed and to have even more control in the process.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

  I can add only the changes affected by the first logical change to the staging
  area and then, commit those without committing the other. It is quite useful
  to understand the concept of staging area since it allows us to follow and
  track changes and control every commit made.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

  Using branches is helpful when you want to implement an experimental feature
  or to make your project supported to other users so they are able to use it
  and not only that, but to cooperate with us in our project.

  A branch is a label for your commit. Master is the central branch and is
  created as soon as you initialized your repository.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

  Diagrams show graphically how branches are developed and how they move forward
  depending on the position we are and the commits we add as we go on our
  project. It is very important to understand the concept of reachability, all
  the commits are within a branch, and if we checkout on a commit ID, then this
  commit won't be reachable for other branches and their commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

When two branches merge, e.g. coins and master, we are actually creating a new
commit and it stores information about both of its parents. The new commit then
turns into the new tip of the master branch. Once merging is successful, we can
delete the "coins" branch, the label, since we will be able to reach its
previous commits through the new master branch.

It is represented in the diagram that way because when we merge we are actually
creating a new commit and putting in the label master to it. This means that
all the previous commits of the merged branches are now in the same git log and
can be found in master.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

  Git can't tell if the additions made by different contributors are better or
  whether they should be included or not, that is easier for us to do. If git
  tried to do this, to auto merged and figure it by itself, it would guess often
  and conglomerate changes don't make sense and probably wouldn't compile and
  run.

  When manually resolving merge conflicts, the first thing is to understand the
  changes made by both branches. We have to keep in mind that t is pretty common
  to have changes made by us and by someone else, so we might have to go and
  talk to that person.

Commands used in lesson 2:

git init                |    Creates or reactivates a repository
git add 'file name'     |    Add a file to the staging area
git commit    |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository
git status    |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files
                   from the working directory are not part of the repository
git diff      |    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory
                   with the staging area
git diff --staged    |    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard     |    Discards all changes in either the working directory
                          or the staging area! There is no rollback for this,
                          so be careful!
git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in, let you
                          come back to the master branch
git branch           |    Prints the branches in the directory
git branch (branch name with no spaces)        | creates a branch
git branch -d (branch name)                    | deletes a branch
git checkout (branch name)                     | switches to the new branch
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation
                                                    of the commit history within
                                                    different branches
git checkout -b new_branch_name  |    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on
                                      this branch in one call instead of git
                                      branch new_branch_name and git checkout
                                      new_branch_name
git merge branch1 branch2        |    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged
                                      into branch1
git branch -d name               |    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId                |    Show the changes made in this commit
                                      compared to the previous version. This
                                      works even after merging.
git log -n (number)              |    Shows only the number of commits specified
