When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    The information sent to GitHub is sent in the form of commits, so they must
    be staged and committed before syncing. Unlike other cloud hosted versions,
    when using GitHub we will need to choose when and how to get the two
    versions in sync. Rather than committing files to the remote, we push
    branches that contain all the commits.

    I would want to use the remote repository in case i edit or add a new file
    using GitHub or someone else is working along with me, they would work
    through the remote and we would be able to push and pull commits done to the
    remote.
    
    Also, if i am on a different machine and still want to update or edit files
    on my remote, i can do it and later pull these new commits to my local.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Fill in your answer here

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Fill in your answer here

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Fill in your answer here

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here

git remote                |    Show all remote locations for the repository
git remote add (name) url |    Add a new remote location for the repository.
                              Origin is the default name to use when you create
                              only one remote location. Url should be the https
                              url to the github repository.
git remove -v             |    Outputs the remote locations with verbose
                              information (fetch and push urls)
git push (name of remote) (name of branch)  |  Push the master branch to the
                                               remote location origin.
git pull (name of remote) (name of branch)  |    Get the master branch from the
                                                remote location origin.
git pull (name of remote) (name of branch)  |    = Git fetch origin + git merge
                                                  master origin/master
git fetch (name of remote)    |    Get the changes from the remote location into
                                   the (hidden?) origin/master branch
